hello this is pressure Locker in this
video I'll teach you the double-dealing
math card trick this is a really cool
mathematical card trick where you're
going to reveal the identity of a card
through a sequence of clever shuffle so
first mix up the cards and then explain
you're going to deal the cards into two
different piles some cards you'll pick
from the top and some cards you'll pick
from the bottom it will be their choice
when you stop dealing the cards so let's
say they say to stop dealing now there
are two different piles of cards the
volunteer is to pick one of the piles of
cards and pick any card from that pile
so let's say they pick to pile on the
right and they're going to look through
the pile and figure out a card that they
like so let's say this is the card they
picked they're going to memorize that
card they don't show it to you and
they're going to put that card on top of
the pile you are going to reveal the
identity of that card after it's mixed
up for the purposes of this video I'm
going to show you this card is the three
of Hearts so their card is put on top of
this pile from the other pile they can
pick out any number of cards and put it
on top so now their card is hidden
somewhere in this pile and it's unknown
to you but you are going to discover
this card so the first thing you do is
you're going to deal one card from the
top and one card from the bottom until
you deal through the entire pile
the next shuffle is you are going to
deal strictly from the top of the pile
until you've dealt all the cards now
comes the final step and the trick
you're going to deal one card from the
bottom of this pile for every pot every
card they deal from the pile that
remains so they're going to deal one
card and you deal one card then they
deal another card and from the bottom
you deal another card so keep on dealing
one card for every card they deal and
finally when they deal
the last card you turn that card over
and that's their card I know you want to
know how it works it's a bit
mathematical so follow the link I put it
in the video description which explains
why the shuffle always reveals the
correct card I hope you like this video
please subscribe to my channel you can
get my books the link is in the video
description catch me on my blog mind
your decisions which you can also follow
on Facebook and Google+
catch me at pressure Locker on Twitter
Instagram and Tumblr and you can support
me on patreon